Update public-accessibility-logic.md for S3 (#20306)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_security_management/guide/public-accessibility-logic.md

An [S3 Bucket][1] (`aws_s3_bucket`) is considered publicly accessible if:

| **Criteria** | **Explanation** |
|--------------|-----------------|
|The bucket policy allows the `s3:GetObject` permission unconditionally, with resource and principal set to `"*"`. |This defines a public policy on the bucket, meaning that unauthenticated access is allowed. `"*"` is a wildcard, meaning access is given to any resource and principal. |

> | Both of the bucket's `public_access_block_configuration` and the AWS account's public access block (`aws_s3_account_public_access_block`) have `restrict_public_buckets` set to `false`. | None of the bucket's or account's explicitely blocks public access, meaning that the public bucket policy takes effect. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Both of the bucket's `public_access_block_configuration` and the AWS account's public access block (`aws_s3_account_public_access_block`) have `restrict_public_buckets` set to `false`. | None of the buckets or accounts explicitly block public access, meaning that the public bucket policy takes effect. |
```

Reviewer: Not sure if there's a word missing here? For example "bucket's policies"
